Collaborates with Project stakeholders and business owners to identify the scope of the project.
Conducts requirement gathering sessions on a consistent basis via use cases, workflow storyboards, end-user scenarios, etc.
Understands the business value and conveys the requirement to the development team through User stories.
Continuously engage with Product Owner to constantly groom and prioritize epics and user stories.  
Review design documentation with QA and Development teams and be the POC for any clarifications during development and testing.
Responsible for Conducting peer reviews of the business requirements to ensure that requirement specifications are correctly interpreted.
Responsible for communicating changes, enhancements, and modifications to requirements promptly and concisely to the development team.
Should be able to handle the Onshore/Offshore model by constantly communicating with onshore stakeholders.
Participate in the test case review process to ensure all requirements are accounted for before going into production.
Work with stakeholders to identify ROI and KPIs before and after product development.
Qualifications:

Minimum 3+ years of experience in the healthcare domain with knowledge of Payer, Provider, and Claims.
Minimum 5+ years of experience as a Business Analyst which includes requirement gathering, and liaison between business, end user, and technical team.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
At least 3 years of product development experience in an Agile delivery model.
Skills Required:

Agile certification internal or external and exposure to agile-based product development will be a huge advantage.
Basic understating of AI product development methodology and relevant skills including Machine Learning and NLP.
Basic understanding of data analytics and interpretation of various types of data.
Ability to query SQL and NO SQL databases.
Experience in reporting and dashboard development (Tableau, PowerBI)
Job Posting End Date:

2023-05-19
Job Type:

Full time